67 create helm chart templates for refarch components (#87)
it-at-m/helm-charts: charts/refarch/README.md

      # file-like keys
      myfile.txt: |
        enemy.types=aliens,monsters
        player.maximum-lives=5
```

#### ImagePull Secrets

Image pull secrets might be necessary to bypass pull limits by certain container registries.
The image pull secrets are reused for all modules you define.

Example:
```yaml
imagePullSecrets:
  - name: testSecret
```

### Module configurations

Modules are an individual component deployed for an application and thus consist of module specific Kubernetes resources (e.g. Deployment, Service, HPA, ...).
All configuration has to be done under the `modules` key.

Example:
```yaml
modules:
  # add your modules configuration here (as a list)
```

#### Base information

Base information involves setting the module name and the docker image (and tag) to use.
Additionally, you can override the `pullPolicy`, which is set to `IfNotPresent` by default.

Example:
```yaml
  - name: frontend
    image:
      repository: ghcr.io/it-at-m/refarch-templates/refarch-frontend
      pullPolicy: Always # Defaults to IfNotPresent
      tag: "latest"
```

#### Resources & Scaling

You can configure the desired resources like CPU and RAM and set up auto-scaling.

> You can define your resources and desired replica as stated below. If you don't set those properties, those values will be used by default:

Reviewer: seems duplicated

```yaml
  resources:
    requests:
      cpu: 100m
      memory: 512Mi
    limits:
      cpu: 500m
      memory: 512Mi
  replicas: 1
```

**Note:** You can also just override the `requests` or `limits`, but always need to set `cpu` and `memory` if you do so.

Configuring auto-scaling is optional and disabled by default.
Example:
```yaml
  autoscaling:
    minReplicas: 1 # defaults to 1
    maxReplicas: 10 # defaults to 10
    targetCPUUtilizationPercentage: 80
    targetMemoryUtilizationPercentage: 80
```

#### Configuration management

This chart provides multiple ways to set configuration for your deployments.

If you have a Spring-based application you can directly configure the content of the application.yml file.
The content will be placed inside a module-specific ConfigMap which is mounted into the container at runtime.
You can define environment variables in it as well.

Example:
```yaml
  applicationYML:
    MY_ENV_VARIABLE: someValue
    spring:
      profiles:
        active: "myprofile"
```

> Alternatively you can define single environment variables as follows, optionally referencing and entry inside a global secret or ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can define single environment variables as follows, optionally referencing an entry inside a global Secret or ConfigMap.
```

propably checkt hat all mentions of "Secret" and "ConfigMap" are uppercase

For services, you can either define all port mappings manually or use the custom defined properties, which configure mappings that are required by most services.
Setting `http` to `true` maps to:
```yaml
    - name: http
      protocol: TCP
      port: 8080
      targetPort: http
```

Setting `javaDebug` to `true` maps to:
```yaml
    - name: debug
      protocol: TCP
      port: 8778
      targetPort: http
```

Example for configuring the service:
```yaml
  service:
    http: true
    javaDebug: false
    ports:
      - name: custom-port
        protocol: TCP
        port: 1234
        targetPort: 5678
```

Ingress is required if you want to expose the deployment externally.
Example:
```yaml
  ingress:
    port: 1234    # defaults to 8080
    className: "" # optional 
    annotations: # optional custom annotations
      kubernetes.io/ingress.class: nginx
      kubernetes.io/tls-acme: "true"
    hosts:
      - host: my-example.local
        paths:
          - path: /
            pathType: ImplementationSpecific
    tls:
      - secretName: my-tls-secret
        hosts:
          - my-example.local
```

#### Storage

> By default, no volumes are defined and no mounts are mounted connected to the containers. This can be useful to mount important files like certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, no volumes are defined and no mounts are mounted to the containers. This can be useful to attach files like certificates.
```
